# Python blocks possible errors and how to fix them

Data blocks Advanced

Download data
Error: No such file or directory: 'data/something.csv'.
Solution: Create a folder beforehand with block 'Create folder "data"'
Note: You have to choose a folder to download the data into. If you leave the field empty, the sample data will be downloaded into folder 'data' (which, if not created, will result in an error).

Read file file.csv from folder data
Error: data/file.csv: No such file or directory
Solution: Download file using one of the appropriate blocks, check spelling of file name, reimport file from local machine.

Load data from json
ValueError: Trailing data
Solution: Modify the input file. Probably it is corrupted in some way, e.g. a "{" character was deleted.

ValueError: All arrays must be of the same length
Solution: Check the shape of the JSON file and if there aren't any issuesṡwith it.

ValueError: Mixing dicts with non-Series may lead to ambiguous ordering
Solution: Take one column.

Reshape array
ValueError: cannot reshape array of size 561706 into shape (1,1)
Solution: Reshape value must be compatible with new size. Data can't get deleted, so sizes must be equivalent. Example: an initial array of length 15 can be reshaped into (5, 3), (3, 5), or event (15, 1) or (1, 15).

Visualisation blocks Advanced
Error: I have two overlapping graphs.
Solution: Refresh the page and start again.

Error: I have a bad resolution. / Plot is not centered.
Solution: Due to limitations in the Python compiler, we have to convert the generated image to base 64 and decode that again. Therefore, there are losses in the resolution. You can try to increase the size of the image on both axes to prevent that (if possible).

Plot line
ValueError: cannot write empty image as JPEG
Solution: Change size of plot in fields X and Y, according to your needs ((0, 0) won't work).

Bar chart
ValueError: shape mismatch: objects cannot be broadcast to a single shape.  Mismatch is between arg 0 with shape (2,) and arg 1 with shape (3,).
Solution: Check that your Labels and Heights array have the same size. 

List sort
numpy.exceptions.AxisError: axis -1 is out of bounds for array of dimension 0
Solution: Check that the a list is passed

Statistical blocks
TypeError: array() missing required argument 'object' (pos 0)
Solution: Check if there isn't an empty block in the workspace.

List blocks
TypeError: list indices must be integers or slices, not list
Solution: Suppose arr[bools], with 'arr' a list of elements of any type and 'bools' a list of booleans. Convert 'arr' to 'np.array' using block 'Create array from' in tab 'Data' before printing/assigning value to another array. 

General
OSError: [Errno 29] I/O error
Solution: Reload page and try again, it's an internal error